Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/contributing.adoc

 ** Create a commit and raise a Pull Request
* If you want to add more documentation check for .adoc in codebase

> For more information see https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/faq/how-does-the-website-work.adoc[How does the website work] or https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/faq/how-do-i-edit-the-website.adoc[How do I edit the website for more details].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see xref:faq/how-does-the-website-work.adoc[How does the website work] or xref:faq/how-do-i-edit-the-website.adoc[How do I edit the website for more details].
```
